# Description

Jesse Bruce Pinkman, also known by his clandestine pseudonym and business moniker Cap'n Cook, is a former chemist, manufacturer, and distributor who worked in Albuquerque, New Mexico, currently residing in Haines, Alaska. Originally a low-level methamphetamine dealer who worked with his friend and fellow meth cook Emilio Koyama, Jesse is best known as the former business and meth cook partner of his former chemistry teacher Walter White, teaming up with Walt for two years to help him manufacture chemically pure crystal methamphetamine so Walt could provide for his family (his wife Skyler, son Walt Jr., and infant daughter Holly) upon his death. Alongside catalyzing Walt's drug empire and being the second biggest player in it after Walt himself, Jesse was also the leader of a short-lived meth distribution chain which his friends and fellow meth distributors were also a part of.

## Favorite quote

I am not turning down the money! I'm turning down you! You get it?! I want nothing to do with you! Ever since I met you, everything I ever cared about is gone! Ruined, turned to shit, dead, ever since since I hooked up with the great Heisenberg! I have never been more alone! I have nothing! No one! Alright it's all gone! Get it? No, no no, why? Why would you get it? What do you even care, as long as you get what you want, right? You don't give a shit about me! You said I was no good. I'm nothing! Why would you want me, huh? You said my meth is inferior, right? Right? Hey! You said my cook was garbage! Hey, screw you, man! Screw you!
